## Version Control and GitThought-out this book the command `git` will be used. Git is a distributive  version control system. This mean the each developer has a copy of the repository, repo, on his or her computer. Git helps keep track of how your code changes over time. It also allows you to easily revert a change if need be.### Git CommandsThe follow is quick list of commands that will be used in this book and some that you may want to know. The server is here the repo is hosted. In the of this book it would be [GitHub](http://gituhub.com).#### BranchingCreating a branch is important part of the workflow. It create a separate branch. It's used often during this book at start of each section.	$ git checkout -b [new_branch_name]	$ git branch [new_branch_new]*Example*	$ git branch add_user_model#### MergeThis command merges two branches. It's merges the given branch to the current branch. This will happen at the end of each book	$ git merge [branch]*Example*	$ git checkout master	$ git merge add_user_model	#### Pushing Push puts changes given branch to the given server since the last push. The command in the example will to origin and will push the changes on the master branch.	$ git push [remote] [branch]*Example*	$ git push origin master	#### PullingPull takes changes from the server and applies to your code base. Changes occur, for example, when an other developer pushes to the server.   	$ git push [source] [branch]*Example*	$ git push origin master#### RebaseRebase is away to apply changes from branch, to another WITHOUT merging. This could be used if make changes on a feature branch then on the master and then you want the changes you made master on the feature branch the you worked on.*Example*	$ git checkout -b add_users_model	(Files are edited)	$ git commit -m "Worked on XYZ"	$ git checkout master	(Files are edited)	$ git commit -m "Worked on ABC"	$ git checkout add_user_model	$ git rebase master### Gi	tHub[Github](https://github.com) is service to host source code. It also provides many other features for your projects. Including Wiki, Issue Tracking, and pull requests. These features will help you keep track of your projects.